Assignment 5 readme File

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your name?

Stephane Pienaar

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your name?

Charles Coppieters 't wallant

------------------------------------------------------------------------
How many late days are you using on this assignment?

0

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through office hours.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through meetings.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through Ed.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through e-mail.

Current lab teaching assistants through visits to the course labs.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through office hours.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through meetings.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through Ed.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through e-mail.

Current lab teaching assistants through visits to the course labs.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

Interesting, helpful to learn arm64, somewhat fun

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

Interesting, helpful to learn arm64, somewhat fun

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(optional) What information can you provide about your submission that
will help your grader to grade it in the most favorable light? In
particular, what bugs are in your submission?

N/A

------------------------------------------------------------------------
What is your mywc program test plan?

Boundary Tests:

  mywcblank.txt: This file contains a random selection of only spaces,
                 tabs, and newlines. This file tests the boundary of
                 using tabs and newlines, whose ASCII symbols are
                 not in the range of the other alphanumeric/symbol
                 ASCII values. Similarly, the file tests the boundary
                 of having spaces and blankspace without words
                 (expected word count is zero)
  mywcempty.txt: This file contains no characters of any kind. This
                 file tests the boundary of having no characters to 
                 see what the program will do when being fed a 
                 completely empty text.

Statement Tests:

  mywcproverb.txt: This file contains a Chinese proverb that covers
                   every possible executable line in mywc.c/mywc.s.
                   This file hits every line of mywc.c/mywc.s and has
                   complete code coverage.
  mywcstatement.txt: This file contains randomly generated valid
                     ASCII characters (including newlines, tabs,
                     and spaces). This file also hits every
                     single line of mywc.c/mywc.s, however,
                     its focus is to test many different
                     combinations and alternatives by
                     randoly generating characters.

Stress Tests:

  mywcstress1.txt: This file contains randomly generated valid
                   ASCII characters generated from a function
                   that randomly generated chars until either
                   50,000 characters were printed or 1000 lines
                   were reached. This file reaches 50,000
                   characters before it reaches 1000 lines.
                   This file tests that the program can
                   handle 50,000 characters of all types 
                   in this case.
  mywcstresscharlimit.txt: This file contains 50,000 instances
                           of the characeter 'x' with no other
                           chars. This file tests that the 
                           program can handle 50,000 characters
                           in this case.
  mywcstresslinelimit.txt: This file contains 1000 lines with
                           each line containing an 'x' 
                           character and a newline characeter.
                           This file tests that the program can
                           handle 1000 lines in this case.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
What are the CPU times consumed by the programs from Parts 2a, 2b, 2d,
2e, and 2f to compute fib(250000) on armlab? Fill in the blanks.

Part 2a:  __12.11___ seconds

Part 2b:  __3.01___ seconds

Part 2d:  ___10.24__ seconds

Part 2e:  _____ seconds

Part 2f:  _____ seconds




